Updated resources.md with detailed local install instructions (#15)
HumbleData/HumbleData.github.io: pages/resources.md

On Windows 10, you need to open the program "Command Prompt". To do so:
1. Press the Windows key or click the Start menu. 
2. Search for "Command Prompt" or just type `cmd`.
3. Click on the Command Prompt application.

On Windows 11, you need to open the program Windows Terminal. To do so:
1. Press the Windows key.
2. Search for "Windows Terminal."
3. Click on the Windows Terminal application.

Finally, on Mac, you need to open the program Terminal. To do so:
1. Press `Command (⌘) + Space` to open Spotlight Search. 
2. Type `Terminal` and press Enter.
3. The Terminal application will open.

#### Install Python

Next, we need to install Python. This section is a bit detailed, but stay with us—you'll only need to do this once!

To give a bit more context, Python works by installing a piece of software on your computer called the _Python executable_. In the following section, we're going to see how to install the Python executable in both Windows and Mac. Once installed, the Python executable can take pieces of code written in Python and run them. You'll see how to run Python code at the end of this tutorial.

> There are many people working on incorporating new features into Python, making it possible for the language to do new things or make it run faster. (In fact, if you come to one of the Python conferences, called [PyCons](https://pycon.org/), you can meet some of these people! The community is very nice and friendly, and very welcoming to beginners, so we encourage you to think about attending.) All these updates to the language mean that the Python executable has a new release every year, denoted by the format 3.X. You'll see this when you try to first download a Python executable: there will be a range of choices of which version to use. We recommend using the latest version when you're starting.

Reviewer: I love how you did this and how amazingly into detail you go into each install. Thank you!
One thing I think we can add here is the https://www.python.org/downloads/ page, in case someone finds it easier to download & install Python using UI.

Author: Thank you! I actually meant to link to that but I accidentally linked to the Git download page. Thanks for spotting that!

2. We can now use Homebrew to install Python. At the terminal prompt, type in `brew search python`. You'll see a lot of versions of Python listed, but we're looking for versions that have the format `python@3.X` (where X is a number). These are the Python executables for Mac. Pick the latest version, and at the prompt in terminal, enter `brew install python@3.X` (where you need to replace `X` with the version number you're using. For example, if I wanted to install Python version 3.13, I would enter `brew install python@3.13`).

#### Install Git

Now we need to install something called Git. Git is essentially a sophisticated "save system" for your work. Unlike regular saving that overwrites previous versions, Git keeps a complete history of all changes. Think of it as a time machine for your files that lets you see what changed, when it changed, and who changed it.

At its core, Git works by taking "snapshots" (commits) of your project at different points in time. These snapshots are organized in "repositories" (called "repos" for short) which track the entire history of your project.

> Git can also be used to share code through online platforms. The most famous of these platforms is GitHub, which we'll be using in this workshop. You can download (called "cloning") code that others have shared on GitHub to your computer, and in the next step in this workshop we'll be cloning the materials for this workshop. This process downloads not just the current version of the files, but the entire history of changes tracked by Git. Once cloned, you have all the materials locally and can work with them as needed, while also maintaining the connection to the original repository to potentially receive updates or contribute changes back.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Git can also be used to share code through online platforms, using a system called Version Control or VCS. The platform we will in this workshop is called GitHub. You can download (called "cloning") code that others have shared on GitHub to your computer, and in the next step we'll be cloning the materials for this workshop. This process downloads not just the current version of the files, but the entire history of changes tracked by Git. Once cloned, you have all the materials locally and can work with them as needed, while also maintaining the connection to the original repository to potentially receive updates or contribute changes back.
```

First things first: let's download Git. Just like with installing Python, you'll only need to do this once.

**On Windows 10/11**

Follow the instructions on [this page](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git#install-git-on-windows).

**On Mac OS**

1. On Mac, we're going to use HomeBrew again to install Git. You can see how useful HomeBrew is - we can basically use it to install everything. In the terminal, type `brew install git` to install it.
2. Check that the installation worked by typing `git version` at the prompt. You should get something like `git version 2.39.3 (Apple Git-146)`, which will confirm that Git was indeed installed correctly.

#### Clone the repo using Git

> Now that we have Git installed, we're going to use it to get the code for the workshop. As mentioned above, this is called "cloning the repo"; that is, using Git to download all the files we need for the workshop. These files are hosted on GitHub, which as we mentioned earlier, is an online platform for sharing code using Git. 

Reviewer: Feel free to reject these (or any) suggestions, btw.

```suggestion
Now that we have Git installed, we're going to use it to get the code for the workshop. As mentioned above, this is called "cloning the repository" or "cloning the repo", for short; that is, using Git to download all the files we need for the workshop. These files are hosted on GitHub, which as we mentioned earlier, is one of the online platforms for sharing code using Git. 
```

To create a virtual environment, open a terminal window and navigate to the directory containing the repo with the Humble Data materials that you just cloned. Do this using the `cd` command we used in the last section when we cloned the repo - see if you can work out how to apply this to getting inside the folder containing the workshop materials!

> Once you're inside this directory, type `python3 -m venv myvenv` at the terminal prompt. This is going to create a new folder inside the directory called "myvenv". This contains a bunch of code to make the virtual environment work. To use the virtual environment, we need to run a piece of this code, which will activate the virtual environment. At the terminal prompt, type:

Reviewer: Should we say that `myenv` can also have _any other name_ they wanna use?

* Windows 10: `myvenv\Scripts\activate.bat` 
* Windows 11: `myvenv\Scripts\activate`
* Mac OS: `source myvenv/bin/activate`

Activating the virtual environment allows us to go "inside" of it and install and use whatever packages we like, isolated from the rest of the system. You'll know it worked if the name of the virtual environment appears in parentheses somewhere in your terminal prompt (e.g., `(myvenv) PS C:\path\to\your\project>`).

> To finish, we can install the packages we need to run the workshop materials. The packages we will need are:

Reviewer: Should we maybe add the command to install all libraries inside the `requirements.txt` here?
``` pip install -r requirements.txt``` on UNIX systems (using pip).

We have now instructions on how to do it using `uv` on the readme.md of the workshop as well.

Reviewer 2: Yes, great idea to include the basic python venv method.
